[Music]
what are we keeping Thanksgiving a
secret this year no we're playing this
game I learned at work you have to name
all the states in six minutes what
that's like insanely easy no it's a lot
harder than it sounds you always forget
at least one or in some cases 14 it's a
stupid game and it wasn't playing
against other people so technically I
didn't lose you forgot 14 states nobody
cares about the Dakotas oh ok times up
alright I got 48 knots up that speech oh
I got tired of naming States so I
decided to list the types of celery and
I have one regular celery
okay so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has
the lead in vegetables joy say hello to
the new champ of Chandler's dumb States
game you got 56
[Music]
hey I was New England not a state huh
they have a sports team or didn't have a
sports team there you go regular salary
done with time to spare
Lois maybe a new worlds record you know
I hate to lecture you guys but it's kind
of disgraceful that a group of
well-educated adults and Joey can't name
all the states you ever see a map or one
of those round colorful things called a
globe Magellan you got 46 states what
that's impossible
forty-six yeah it was well-educated now
mister I forgot ten states okay Ross
time is up give me another minute Ross
if you don't know them by now you will
never know them okay that is the beauty
of this game it makes you want to kill
yourself this is crazy I can do this all
right I bet I can get all 50 before
dinner okay but if you can't no dinner
you're on all right don't look at my
list Ross cause there's a lot on there
that you don't have
how can I not get this I'm a college
professor I got 1450 on my SATs 1250
damn I forgot you were here
boss need some help from you first of
all Utah dude you can't just make stuff
up when I finish this game I swear I am
moving okay maybe this is so hard
because there aren't 50 states let me
tell you something I have 49 states and
there are no more
I think I should be able to eat
something it's up to you Delaware
Delaware alright I want my turkey now
you got it you got Nevada twice I know